[WIP] Test repair agent Part 2: update the pulse listener (#6421)
mozilla/bugbug: services/hackbot-pulse-listener/README.md

failures worth acting on, **dedupe** them, and dispatch a hackbot agent through the
hackbot-api. It deliberately holds no investigation logic: each agent resolves the push
and commits itself, so the listener only decides _what to hand off_. When a run finishes
(minutes later) the listener polls the result and emails a report.

Failed **build** tasks go to `build-repair`; failed **test** tasks go to `test-repair`.

## How it works

1. **Subscribe.** Consume `task-failed` messages from `pulse.mozilla.org`.
2. **Route** to a watched `project` (`WATCHED_REPOS`, default `autoland`), then by task
   kind: build tasks (`tags.label` contains `build` and not `test`, so a failure is a
   compilation/link error) take the build-repair path; test tasks take the test-repair
   path. Fetch the task definition for `GECKO_HEAD_REV` (not in the message).
3. **Discard what is not this push's failure**, on both paths:
   - Tasks scheduled by an **action task** rather than by the push: `extra.parent` points
     at the decision task (= the task group) for everything the push scheduled, and at the
     action-callback task for a backfill or retrigger.

>    - Pushes that landed more than `MAX_PUSH_AGE_HOURS` ago (default 24). A failure can

Reviewer: Maybe 24 is too long

     surface long after its push, and by then the push has been superseded.
   - Test suites that report no manifests (gtest, junit, talos, raptor, jittest, ... —
     mozci's `is_no_groups_suite`). Their failures are overwhelmingly crashes and

>      timeouts, and the agent's method of re-running a failing manifest does not apply.

Reviewer: It could still find the culprit even if it is not able to reproduce the issue

     Judged on the label, so it costs nothing.
4. **Dedupe** with in-memory TTL caches, both keyed by revision: one run per push per
   agent, triggered on the first failing task worth investigating. The test-repair
   agent works from a single task but reads the push's other failures itself, so a
   second run for the same push would re-tread the same ground. A revision is recorded
   only once a run is actually triggered, so a task rejected as intermittent or
   inherited leaves the push open for the next one.
5. **Judge** whether the failure is worth a run. Every check fails open — an upstream
   error runs the agent rather than dropping a possible regression.
   - _Build:_ keep only failures this push introduced, waiting for an unsettled ancestor
     build to finish first.
   - _Test:_ first drop whatever Treeherder judges not to be a new regression
     (intermittent, infra, expected-fail, fixed-by-commit). Treeherder ingests a minute or

>      so behind us and classifies well after that — a median of ~19 minutes past the end of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     so behind us and sheriffs classify well after that — a median of ~19 minutes past the end of
```

>      so behind us and classifies well after that — a median of ~19 minutes past the end of

Reviewer: 19 minutes??

     the job for the intermittents we care about — so this gate waits for the job to
     appear and then up to `TREEHERDER_CLASSIFICATION_WAIT_SECONDS` for its verdict. It is
     the cheap filter, and most test failures stop here, before any group is fetched or
     any ancestor walked. What survives is
     narrowed to the groups that are new for this task's own configuration (platform and
     build option), then Treeherder is asked once more, since a verdict can still land

>      while that walk runs. The run carries only the task id.

Reviewer: Could you add some comment about how the ancestor walk works for test, since it is different than for build?
